Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
-Morning. Doctor Carver!
-Hey Doctor Carver!
-Ethan. hi.
-Did you hear our big news?
-No.
-We're engaged.
-You and Clair?
Oh. wow! Congratulations.
-Well. it's all thanks to you.
Doctor Carver.
If we hadn't participated
in your study.
I probably would have never
discovered Clair was the one.
-I'm so happy for you.
When's the big day?
-We haven't set a date yet.
but when we do.
we hope you can make it.
-I would be honored.
I'm sorry. I have to run.
I have media training. but
you and Claire are the stars.
You're the first couple
in the study to get engaged.
Oh!
Anyway. congratulations again
and let me know when
you pick a date.
-Will do.
-Ok. bye.
-Bye.
-Ok Brooke. it's all
very simple.
So. I will just pretend to be
a TV reporter
and ask you some questions.
Does that sound ok. Brooke?
-Great. Fire away. Vince.
-Alright. So. Dr. Carver.
your new study is called
The Dating Test.
How does it work?
-Simply put. the dating test
helps you find
your ideal person.
The one.
Couples go on a series of dates
wearing these watch-like devices
that record your heart rate.
dopamine levels.
pulse ox and several
other indicators.
It's called the attraction
tracker.
-But how do you know that
they're your ideal match?
Like. the one.
-Your level of attraction
to another person
is measured on a scale
of 0 to 100.
Meet someone who scores 95
and above. you've met the one.
-But is that all that love is?
Just a series of chemical
reactions on a score sheet?
-Yes. These physical signals
are far more reliable
than things like emotions.
-What about feelings?
-Feelings are like relatives
at Christmas.
They come and go.
-But isn't that how people have
found love for. well. forever?
-Which explains why more
than half of marriages
end in divorce.
-How sad.
-Oh. sorry. Where was I?
So. Doctor Carver. has
this new study been tested?
How do you know that it works?
-So far it's only been tested
on students.
but. just this morning a student
of mine told me
he is engaged to the person
he took the study with.
They both scored above 95.
-Wow!
So. Doctor Carver. you've
developed quite the reputation
for your studies on love.
Is the dating test
your crowning achievement?
-Oh. no. This is just
the beginning.
There is so little research
on the science of love.
So much to learn.
-Well. thank you Doctor Carver.
Is there anything
you'd like to add?
-No.
-You sure?
-Oh. and here at Pemberton
University.
we conduct research
with heart.
Terrific. Brooke.
How did it feel?
-Great. But. I'll have to check
the tape.
Can't trust feelings. right?
-Now I know what
you're thinking.
Where's the romance?
Measuring neurotransmitters
isn't exactly the stuff
of Jane Austen.
Is that what you're really
looking for?
Drama. heartache. corsets.
Why rely on some abstract.
gut feeling about someone
when you can have
quantifiable results
that tell you if that person
is the one for you.
The dating test takes
the guessing work out of..
-Rebecca. hi.
-Hi. Brooke.
Practicing for tonight?
-Yes. but it's fine.
Come in.
-How's the speech coming?
-Great. I think.
I'll just be giving a preview
of the study.
-Well. you don't want to be
giving away too much.
Want to save it for the big
study's release in two weeks.
-Vince is billing it
as a teaser.
-Ah. perfect.
He told me that
the practice interview
this morning went well.
-Mm-hm.
-Never thought one
of my professors
would get more TV time than
the university's president.
Rebecca. I am not...
-Oh. Brooke. I'm not
complaining.
Your research has put
this school on the map.
We plan on taking full advantage
of our newfound notoriety.
Have you heard the new
branding slogan?
-Research with heart.
-Kind of humanizes it.
don't you think?
Mm-hm.
I mean. it's not just about
the data. right?
-Uh.
-Oh. Brooke.
We are gonna ride
your coattails.
We intend to increase
enrollment. funding.
maybe even bump up our ranking.
-Oh. I don't know if my study
can do all that.
-Brooke. don't be modest.
my star professor.
Or should I say Dean?
-Dean?
-Had a meeting with the Board.
We think you'd be a perfect
new Dean of Psychology.
But. let's revisit it
after the launch.
-Yes. Of course.
-And good luck tonight.
I'll see you at the theater.
-Thanks. Rebecca.
-Oh. and no pressure. right?
-She's expecting a boost in
donations. enrollment. ranking.
-All from your study?
-I know.
-Hm. Doctor Frankenstein.
you've created a monster.
-But wait. there's more.
She's thinking of naming me
department Dean.
-Huh. That'd be kind of weird.
having you as my boss.
Wait. will you give me tenure?
-Stop. I'm happy where I am.
-Come on. psychology Dean?
More coin. prestige.
swanky receptions
with that smelly cheese.
-And less time for research.
my first love.
-Speaking of first love. how's
it been since your last love?
-You mean Logan?
-I thought it was Landon.
-Landon was before Logan.
-Which makes your next
boyfriend Lucas?
-Which makes my next boyfriend
no one.
I'm done.
-With guys whose names
start with L?
-With guys period.
With dating. swiping right.
-Oh. don't be a drama queen.
-Carly. I am not having
my heart stomped on again.
-But you're the expert on love.
-Yes. with the science of love.
why the heart races.
the pupils dilate.
The palms sweat.
-I thought that was
a panic attack?
-It's why I developed
the love test.
I want people looking for love
to find it.
-Ok. but what if you meet
a guy
who scores like a 98 on
the attraction tracker?
-George Clooney's looks
with Einstein's smarts?
Unlikely. Anyway. I don't need
men to get my dopamine fix.
I have chocolate for that.
-Oh. no. Thanks.
I hope to get my dopamine
boost tonight.
I have a date. And...
-You're doing the test with him?
-Not the whole thing.
just some questions
to see if he. you know.
measures up.
-Good luck.
-But. if the chocolate offer
still stands?
You know. for later.
In case my date's
a dopamine dud.
-Hey. Molly. Are you
in pain today?
How's that leg doing. huh?
Still a little tender. huh?
Aw.
-How's Molly doing.
Doctor Bennett?
-Good. Yeah. she'll be ready
for walks soon.
-When will she be ready
for adoption?
-Oh. I'd say a week.
maybe two.
-Oh. look at that face.
She'll be adopted in no time.
And to think when I started
we only had five dogs.
-Oh. I'm sorry. Max.
Six dogs.
-Max. you don't count.
you're not up for adoption.
You mind taking her back
to the kennels.
make sure she's comfortable?
-Sure. Doctor Bennett. yeah.
anything else?
-Yeah. your advice.
-My advice?
-Yeah. I'm going to a talk at
the university with Taylor later
and uh. things have been
a little rocky lately.
-Flowers. Every woman
loves flowers.
-Old school. I like that.
-Maybe sunflowers?
Bright. cheerful.
They bring good luck.
-In that case. maybe
I'll get a couple dozen.
-Good girl.
Ugh!
-Oh yeah. Perfect.
-Beautiful.
-Thanks. Way to a woman's heart.
-And her brain.
-Sorry?
-Oh. it's just. when a person
receives flowers.
it's actually their brain
that produces
the pleasurable feelings.
-Hm. That takes the romance
out of it.
-Oh. romantic feelings
don't really...
Sorry. don't mean to get
all science channel on you.
-Kind of a buzz kill.
-My favorite customer.
How're you doing?
-Happy as a sunflower
on a sunny day.
-Speaking of which?
-Oh. your flowers.
Oh. this nice young man
is holding them for you.
-Oh. uh. actually.
-There you go. Brooke.
all paid for.
-Oh. thank you. Liz.
-Mm-hm. You got
the final bouquet.
I saved the best for last.
-Ah. you are the best!
They're so beautiful.
-That they are. Well. see you
next month. Brooke.
-Bye.
-Yeah. Bye.
-Ah. hey. oh. excuse me.
Hey. um. those are my flowers.
-Oh. I'm sorry. but they're
actually mine.
-You saw me. I was
holding them.
-I know. but they're
still mine.
-Do they have your name
on them or something?
-Actually. I do
a standing order.
-Ah. Oh.
-Uh. what about lavender?
Makes a great aromatherapy.
Very calming.
-Hm. You don't say.
-Cures insomnia.
-Oh. I sleep like a baby.
-Hair loss?
-I'm good.
-Stress?
-Getting worse by the moment.
-Look. I'm sorry. I just...
-What if we go halfsies?
-Halfsies?
-Split em 50-50.
-Um. if not lavender.
then what about...
-You don't understand. I
need all the luck I can get.
-You're right. I
don't understand.
Anyway. good luck.
-60-40? 70-30?
Final offer.
-Flower thief.
we meet again.
-Ryan. Hi.
-Taylor. hey.
-Are Sophie and Kyle here?
-Not yet.
-What's this?
-Lavender. It promotes healing.
-It may just promote sleepiness.
Hey. you want to see something
really beautiful?
-Oh. it also cures hair loss.
-My new clothing line's out.
This is the collection
I was talking about.
where elegant. modern
and comfort blend into one.
-Huh. Nice.
-Nice?
Ryan. these are $1500 outfits.
-People actually
pay that?
-Yes. People with money.
Something you had when you
worked with Kyle.
-Taylor. let's. let's...
-Hey! Sorry we're late.
Nice flowers.
-Don't get me started.
-I am so excited for this.
-Me too.
-Me three.
-Yeah me. who. who is
this woman again?
-I told you Ryan.
it's a professor
who does all these
studies on love.
-She developed this
wearable biosensor
and it monitors your body's
attraction to another person.
-What?
-It gives you like
an attraction score.
I think she calls it a...
-Attraction tracker.
After three dates. you know
if you met your perfect match.
-Isn't that incredible?
-Incredible and totally
ridiculous.
-Well. apparently her study's
being published
in a psychology journal.
-More likely "Ladies
Home Journal".
-Is everything a joke
to you Ryan?
-No. it's just. it's not
how it works.
Love is a feeling.
It's like a giant fireball
hitting you.
-A fireball?
-Yeah.
-Like love at first sight?
-Exactly.
It just. you know. doesn't
happen on the first date.
forget about it.
-Ready to go in?
-Yeah. I'm right behind you.
-Forget about it.
-After you.
-Flowers?
-This is all your fault.
This is all your fault!
-Ready?
-Ready as I'll ever be.
-FYI. we're recording this.
We'll use clips for
the study's release.
Great. Good luck...
Dean Carver.
-Dean Carver.
It does kind of have
a ring to it.
And so the big question
everyone wants to know.
can the dating test really
help you find the one.
Can these physical indicators
really tell you
if someone is your
one true love?
All in less than a week?
And the answer is... yes.
It works.
Eight out of ten people
who scored 95 or above
were identified as their
partner's ideal match.
So. now I have a question
for you.
What are you waiting for?
Why wait for the mythical
arrow to strike
when you can do something
to find the love of your life.
Two weeks from today I will be
back on this stage
to announce the
official release.
I'd be happy to take
a few questions.
Yes. you.
Oh. It's the man from
the flower shop.
-How're my sunflowers doing?
-My sunflowers are alive
and well. thank you.
Do you have a question?
-Yeah. I was wondering if you've
taken this dating test yourself?
-Researchers don't
usually participate
in their own studies.
-So the answer is no?
-Ryan. stop.
-Well. yes. I mean no. I never
participated in the study.
-Well. with all due respect.
Doctor.
you're telling others
to try something
you're not willing
to try yourself.
-Ryan. Sit down.
-What?
-People can decide
for themselves.
-Vince. tell her to move
onto somebody else.
-Brooke. Rebecca wants you
to take another question.
-Another question.
-Hey.
-Taylor. Taylor. wait!
-That was so embarrassing.
You're never interested in
anything that I care about.
Ever since you left
your practice with Kyle.
all you care about is
your dog rescue center.
-I care about you.
-Face it. Ryan. it's...
it's not working out.
-Taylor. come on.
What. Taylor?
Please!
What...
-Thank you.
-Sorry about that. Brooke.
I didn't like where
it was going.
-I can handle that guy.
-I know. I just wanted it over.
We can edit the video.
Fantastic presentation.
Congratulations.
-Thank you.
-Maybe we'll skip
the Q & A next time.
-Do you have a question?
-Yeah. I was wondering
if you have taken
the dating test yourself?
-Researchers don't usually
participate
in their own studies.
-So the answer is no?
-Well. yes. I mean no.
I never participated
in the study.
-With all due respect-
-Don't worry. we're deleting
all that from the video.
-That bad?
-We just can't afford
any hiccups right now.
There's too much riding
on the study's release.
-Sorry to interrupt.
but we have an issue.
-Researchers don't
usually participate
in their own studies.
-So the answer is no?
-Well. yes. I mean no. I never
participated in the study.
-Hm. well...
-Vince. we all saw that.
-Yeah. and so have
529.006 other people.
I'm afraid someone recorded it
on their phone.
-Oh no.
-It's getting a thousand hits
a minute.
Almost half a million likes.
They're referring to Brooke
as Doctor Cupid.
-The study's credibility.
Brooke's reputation.
The school's reputation.
-The new branding campaign.
-Fundraising. Enrollment.
Our ranking.
-This is a disaster.
-It is.
Unless. uh...
-Yes. of course.
I'll take the study.
-That's it.
-I'll find a single professor
on campus.
we'll finish in a week
and still have a week to prepare
for the launch.
-But what about if you find.
you know?
-What. find my perfect match?
-Vince. have you seen
the eligible bachelors
on this campus?
-Alright. They're not all bad.
-Problem solved.
-Perfect!
-Eventually we'll bump out
this back wall
and make room for more kennels.
-I gotta hand it to you. buddy.
this place looks amazing.
-Yeah. thanks.
Oh. check this out.
-What's this?
-This is a plan for the space
next door.
Wow! You've thought
about everything.
A little artificial grass.
room for the dogs to run around.
-I love it.
I guess this means
you're definitely
not coming back
to the practice
-No chance.
-Another stake through
Taylor's heart.
-Tell me about it.
-You heard from her?
-Nope.
No. no. she's pretty upset.
She says that I'm not interested
in things that interest her.
-Like the dating test.
-That's one.
You're not gonna
believe this.
Some PR guy from that university
called me.
he said he wants me to take the
dating test with that professor.
-No kidding. What did you say?
-I said no. of course.
I mean he hadn't even run it by
the professor yet.
-Well. what if she agreed
to do it?
-I would still say no.
Although he did offer me
a stipend.
-Really? How much?
-A lot.
-I think you should do it.
-It's like a week.
It's. that's a week
I'll never get back.
-But maybe you'd get
Taylor back.
-Well. how- what are you
talking about?
-Look. Taylor wants you
to take this test thing
seriously. right?
-Yeah.
-Ok. so. stay with me here.
You take the dating test
with the professor
to convince Taylor that
you're taking it seriously.
and then I get a cut
of your stipend.
-Huh. I mean. it would pay
for a lot of artificial grass.
-That too.
-Alright. let's do it.
-Yes.
-How do we tell Taylor?
-Ah.
Oh. you can bet.
if I tell Sophie...
-Oh yeah. she's gonna
tell Taylor.
-Exactly. What about
a plan B?
-For what? How to tell Taylor?
-No. what if the dating
test works
and you fall madly in love
with her?
-Ah. I would have felt something
on the first time that we met.
-No giant fireball?
-Not even a flicker.
-Then we've got nothing
to worry about.
-Ok.
-Let me see if I understand
correctly.
You want me to date you
for a week?
-That's right. Doctor Matthews.
We'll finish in a week.
-Ok.
-Oh. great. great. any chance
you can start tomorrow?
-I need to check
with my wife.
-You need to ask your wife.
Yeah. Um. never mind.
I thought...
-Hey honey. there's a professor
on the phone.
-Okay. bye.
-Good news. The search is over.
Vince has found you the perfect
man to take the test with.
-He's a doctor.
-Really?
'Cause I think I've asked almost
every professor on campus.
-Hello again.
-Uh. Brooke. meet
Doctor Ryan Bennett.
-You're joking.
-Doctor Bennett has...
-Ryan. please.
-Uh. Ryan has graciously agreed
to take the test with you.
-You're not joking.
-Brooke. we think this is
exactly what's needed
to get ahead of the viral video.
-But him?
-Yes. me.
The guy from the flower shop.
-Oh. sorry. I thought
you were the guy
who was asking snarky questions.
-Snarky?
-Would you prefer rude?
-I prefer informed.
-Are you even a real doctor?
-Look who's asking snarky
questions now.
-I prefer informed.
-If the dating test can get
these two to fall in love.
it can get anyone
to fall in love.
-So. are you gonna ask me
my astrological sign?
-Oh. he's cute.
-Who. that guy or the dog?
-Oh. come on. Brooke.
A cute guy who runs
Jolly Rovers Rescue?
He can't be all bad.
-No?
I can grin and bear it
for a week.
-And your first date's
this evening?
-"Date."
-Wow. who's that?
-He didn't say he had
a girlfriend.
Probably who the flowers
are for.
Doesn't matter.
It's all for show.
-Brooke. you saw him
in the flower shop
just before your speech.
It's fate.
-More like a fluke.
Anyway. a week from now I can
say I did the test and move on.
-Unless he turns out to be
your perfect match.
-That guy? More like the dog.
Ok. Born and raised
in Muncie. Indiana.
-University of Chicago.
Columbia.
PhD in social psychology.
Pioneering in studies
on the science of love.
More like pseudoscience.
Hm.
Wish my college professors
looked like that.
-What do we have in here?
-Ok. it's ready.
-Neurological studies of
interpersonal closeness.
-My dissertation.
-Oh. romantic.
-So. I did a spreadsheet to...
-Wait. wait. wait.
We have spreadsheets?
-Yes. to plot out the times.
places and objectives
of our dates this week.
-Our dates have objectives?
-Yes. didn't you read the
background info I sent you?
-Uh. yep.
Yeah. I skimmed.
-Which is why I brought
you this.
-Wow. Well. I hope this is
a take home test.
-It includes the complete study.
a list of questions.
types of dates and appendices.
You'll need this.
-Oh. Doctor Carver.
you shouldn't have.
I didn't get you anything.
-The biosensor monitors
your heart rate. pulse ox.
and a bunch of other things.
-Hm. And who monitors
the monitor?
-Me. I'll record the scores
after each date.
-Wow. if I knew you were keeping
score I would have shaved.
-We go on three different
types of dates
to compare our compatibility
in different settings.
-Hm.
-What? It's in your folder.
-I'm sure.
-After tonight's introductory
date.
we go on a stress-inducing date
followed by a romantic date.
We'll finish in a week.
Do you want to go first?
-Uh. for what?
-The list of questions.
It's in your folder.
-Hm. Well I...
You know what.
I thought we'd just get
to know each other
a little bit before we...
-You were born and raised in New
Hampshire. youngest of three.
Father a teacher.
mother a nurse.
Undergrad Yukon.
Cornell veterinary school.
Ten months ago you opened
Jolly Rovers Rescue
and based on your
social media posts.
you have a very attractive
girlfriend.
-Impressive.
-Thanks.
-Not so sure about
the girlfriend right now.
You were born in Muncie.
Indiana.
Younger brother in Texas.
mother and father both
college professors.
University of Chicago
undergraduate.
PhD at Columbia with a focus
on social psychology.
Known for your pioneering
studies on the science of love.
-Touché.
-Hm.
-Now. the list of questions.
-Where's your folder?
-On here.
-Well. of course it is.
Ah. Ok.
-Ah. hmm.
-Thank you.
Alright. Name three things
you and your partner
appear to have in common.
-Uh. we're both human.
-I think that's cheating.
-Ok. Uh. we both live
in the same city.
-One.
-We're both doctors.
-Two.
-We both...
-Let's see. We both...
-We both are stumped
on the third thing
that we have in common.
-Good enough. Ok.
Name something you consider
to be a positive trait
in your partner.
-Next.
-Mm.
-Oh. I got one here.
When did you last sing
to yourself?
-Never.
-You never sing to yourself?
-So what. you've never
done karaoke?
-Once. which also answers
question 16.
-Share an embarrassing moment
in your life.
Hm. Well. I sing to myself
from time to time.
around the house.
Yeah. Why don't you sing
to yourself?
-That's why.
-Ho. ho. ho. ok.
For the jugular
on the first date.
-Ok. why don't we just do this
or that questions.
-Sure.
-Cat or dog?
That's a gimme.
TV or book?
-Book.
-Cake or pie?
-Cake.
I'm on a roll here.
-Ok. Passenger or driver?
-Passenger. You get
to see more things.
-Driver you're more in control.
Winter or summer?
Winter.
-Summer.
-Baseball or football?
-Football.
-I don't do sports.
Lions or bears?
Lions.
-Bears. by six points.
Oh. you really don't do sports.
Oh. excuse me.
Oh. no. I have an emergency.
Uh. a dog has an
obstructed airway.
-Oh. you have to go?
-Afraid so.
-Well. I understand.
Maybe we can reschedule?
-Maybe not. You can come
with me.
-To the dog rescue?
-Dog adoption center.
Yeah. this is a quick procedure
and then we can
pick up afterwards.
-Okay.
-Hate to see you revise
your spreadsheets.
-How long has he been
breathing like this?
-Since he came in.
-Okay. Alright. buddy.
Let me see. Okay. Okay.
Yeah. yeah. it's obstructing
his airway.
It's really far in though.
-Should I sedate him
for an extraction?
-No. I don't think
there's time.
Um. I have an idea. it's not
conventional but it works.
-Ok.
-Uh. Brooke. you might
want to back up a little bit.
-Oh. ok.
-Ok. buddy.
Yeah. You ready?
Three. two. one.
There you go. buddy.
Good job.
-Ok. Good job.
-Oh boy.
-So. why a vet?
Why not a people doctor?
-Other than cheaper
malpractice premiums?
I don't know.
It's just. always loved animals.
-A vet that runs a dog
adoption business.
-Right. Before that I was
in a private practice
with a business partner.
-Why'd you give it up?
-Well. I still practice
veterinary care.
but running a dog
adoption center
had always been
a life-long dream.
-Nice.
Being a scientist was always
my life-long dream.
-What do you know?
-What?
-That's the third thing
we have in common.
Both in our dream jobs.
-Hm.
-It's my stop.
-Mm-hm.
-So. about tomorrow's date.
-Hm?
Choose an activity that induces
high levels of stress.
-Oh. oh. oh. oh.
I know mine.
-I know mine.
I'll text you.
-I'll text you back.
-So. one down...
-Two to go.
-Was that the weirdest
date ever?
-Absolutely. Who plans their
dates with spreadsheets?
-I meant the choking dog.
-Yeah. that too.
-Well. Goodnight. Doctor Carver.
-Goodnight. Doctor Bennett.
-So? How was your date?
-It went fine. Until a dog
spit rawhide at me.
-What? In the restaurant?
-No. I went with him
on an emergency call.
He gave the Heimlich
to a dog
choking on one of
those rawhide things.
It was pretty funny actually.
-I don't know. Brooke.
Sounds to me like you did
more than grin and bear it.
-Oh. stop. Carly.
Warrior two.
-What was his score?
-Actually. I think I need
to recalibrate the...
-Brooke.
-88
-Wow. Impressive
for a first date.
-Sometimes multi-variant
data can...
-And your score?
-89.
-You two are approaching
ideal match territory.
-It's probably just an anomaly.
-Not for someone who
has "in data we trust"
tattooed on her...
-Stop. How was your date?
-Ugh. disaster.
Never made it past
the second question.
-What? Name the last book
you read?
-He said "War and Peace".
I mean. no one actually reads
"War and Peace".
-He might have.
-Have you read it?
-I started it.
-Exactly. He was just trying
to impress me.
-Ok. well you should actually
do all of the questions.
-I'm taking the speed
dating route.
Only asking three questions.
Name a cheesy song you love. who
would be your ideal dinner guest
and what's the most beautiful
view you've ever seen.
-And that's your plan to finding
the perfect match?
-Yes.
I want a guy who reads poetry
and loves sappy love songs.
Who wants to have dinner
with Plato.
Not J Lo.
-What about Vince?
-You don't notice the way
he looks at you
with that shy boyish smile?
-Brooke. he looks at everyone
with that shy. boyish smile.
-Mm-hm. If you say so.
-So. what's your
big date tonight?
-The stress-inducing date.
Downward dog.
That's your downward dog?
-No. this is my tired dog.
-I can't do this.
-You haven't bowled yet.
-I know. but...
-Brooke. It's just a game.
-Oh. no. This game is evil.
Its sole purpose is to torment.
ridicule and degrade.
Leaving people without
a scrap of dignity.
-Bowling?
-Everyone watching you
while you're making a fool
of yourself.
-I mean. that's the fun of it.
-Do I look like I'm having fun?
-Uh. ok. Um. I won't look.
-Very chivalrous of you.
Ok. don't look.
-I'm not. I'm not looking.
I won't.
That didn't sound great.
-It looked even worse.
-Can I look now?
-No.
Let me go again.
-That sounded better.
-You really are a terrible liar.
Just go.
Hey. that wasn't easy.
I should get bonus points
or something.
-I mean. it's not surprising
when you are bowling with these.
It's really not that hard.
Can I just show you one thing?
-Sure.
-Ok.
-Alright. Now. you want
to swing your arm back.
keep your wrist straight
and as you swing forward.
release the ball.
But remember. keep
your wrist straight.
-Ok.
-Alright.
-I think I have it.
-Ok. Great.
-Ok. wrist straight.
-Yes!
-See. it's all in the wrist.
-Yeah. thanks.
Your turn.
-Alright.
-Yeah!!
-Oh!
It's all in the wrist.
-Thank you.
-Well. I survived.
-Well. more than survived.
you bowled a perfectly
respectable 63.
So. what if someone scored a
63 on your attraction tracker?
-Only a 63?
Probably not a keeper.
but that's why we go on three
dates. I take the average.
-Hm. curious. what was my score
after the first date?
-I only reveal the scores
at the end.
-No exceptions?
-You were above 63.
-Oh yes. I'm perfectly
respectable.
So. what is it with you
and bowling?
-Childhood trauma.
-Left a scar?
-On me and almost on several
eight-year-old boys.
-Wow. There's a story there.
-My brother's eighth birthday.
I was 10.
We had a bowling party.
I was warming up. you know.
getting the old arm limber
and holding onto my ball and
swinging my ball back and forth
and back and forth and...
it slipped.
-This can't end well.
-Ball flew out of my hand.
took out the birthday boy
and three of his friends
and the party clown.
-That clown probably
had it coming.
-No one got hurt but the ball
didn't stop rolling
until it smashed
into the snack bar.
I can still see the look
on that little boy's face
as he saw it coming
towards him.
His loaded nachos
went everywhere.
-That's traumatic.
-Expensive too.
I mean. insurance only covers
so much.
-Right.
-So. what makes your half of
tonight's dates so stressful?
-Well. you'll see.
Did we get through
all those questions?
-Uh. there's still a few more.
Oh. here's a good one.
Describe a perfect day
you've had.
-Uh.
-I know mine.
-Go for it.
-Well. it's mostly perfect
because it started off
so imperfectly.
When I was a little girl.
I was at my cousin's wedding
and I lost Screech.
-Screech?
-My stuffed snowy owl.
I was devastated.
Inconsolable.
Well. I was the flower girl
and I was supposed to carry
white lilies.
-Nice.
-But. when I got to the church.
the bride handed me this huge
bouquet of sunflowers.
-I hear you're fond of those.
-She said they would brighten
even the darkest day.
And they did.
It was the most beautiful thing
I had ever seen.
-More beautiful
than a snowy owl?
-Definitely. But not as cuddly.
Still. it cheered me up
and even today whenever
I need a pick me up...
-You buy sunflowers
standing order.
-They're just happy flowers.
-Sounds pretty perfect.
-So. what about you?
-That's gonna have to wait
because it is time
for my stress-inducing date.
-More stressful than bowling?
-Yes.
And for you.
definitely more painful.
-I warned you.
-You're not that bad.
-You're a worse liar than me.
Oh. sorry. sorry.
We should- this was a bad idea.
-It's no worse than bowling.
And that ended ok.
-True. except bowling was
only stressful for one of us.
-Well. this isn't stressful
for me. Painful maybe.
-I feel like I'm back
in high school.
-You went to your
high school dances?
-A few. What. you didn't?
-A few.
-Oh.
Let me guess. you were the shy
girl at the back of the gym?
-Yeah.
-Big thick glasses.
before you got your contacts.
-Yep.
-Hoping that that weird.
annoying kid in science class
didn't ask you to dance?
-Ken Friss.
That kid was a wizard
with a petri dish.
-He has an annoying name.
-I bet you were the guy all
the girls wanted to dance with.
-Uh. no.
No. I was more like
your buddy Ken.
Just trying to work up the
courage to ask that shy girl
with big thick glasses to dance.
I'm always going for the strong
silent type.
-Woah! Sorry.
-I think we should just stop.
-Come on. you two.
I could drive a truck
through there.
Get closer.
-Oh!
-Isn't that better?
And a little bit less swaying.
You look like drunk sailors.
Remember. it's one. two.
three and back.
One. two. three.
Try.
-Oh. sorry. Sorry.
-Ok. what if I try leading. if
that wouldn't wound your ego?
-No. better than wounding you.
-Ok.
-Should we take it from the top?
-Mm-hm.
Oooh.
-Hey! I'm dancing
without maiming anybody.
-So. other than proving
that you're as bad at bowling
as I am at dancing. what was
the purpose of tonight?
-Relationships aren't
all wine and roses.
People need to see how they
react to each other
during times of stress.
-The biosensor tells you that?
-It measures norepinephrine.
the stress hormone.
-Hm.
Can love really be explained
so scientifically?
I mean. there's no room
for mystery and magic?
-Only in fairy tales.
-Well not for me.
I'm a love at first sight
kind of guy.
-You don't think you can grow
to love someone?
-Not if you don't feel that
lightning bolt
the first time you meet.
I mean. it is such
an amazing feeling.
It's like your heart's about
to burst.
-It's very romantic.
And. messy.
-Ryan there's-
-But then-
-Sorry. You go.
-I want to be clear with you.
I'm only doing the test
with you to say I did the test.
-No. I figured.
Yeah. I saw your video on
social media. Doctor Cupid.
-Truthfully. I'm done
with dating.
I mean. actual dating.
My history with men is a joke
and I'm always the punchline.
-Hm.
-I'm not having my heart
broken again.
-I thought you didn't believe
in broken hearts?
-I don't. But it sounds better
than a precipitous drop
in oxytocin levels.
-Well. I guess you should know
that I'm only doing this
to win back my girlfriend.
-How will this help you
win her back?
-Well. Taylor and I came
and saw your talk that night
and after she wanted
to take the test
and I kind of made fun of her.
-I like her already.
-Well. I guess I'm trying
to do this to show her
that I'm taking it seriously.
Taking her seriously.
you know. impress her.
-So. let's impress her.
Let's show her you wooing
the socks off of me
and only the socks.
-How?
-The university wants me to do
a video tomorrow night
and talk about how I'm doing
the study with you.
You know. strange bed fellows
and all that.
-Ok.
-They think it will diffuse
the viral video.
-Hmm.
-So. why don't you be
in the video too?
We just have to make sure
Taylor's there.
-Yeah. I can probably
arrange that.
-And I'll act all. you know.
charmed by your witty repartee.
-Well. maybe you could do like
a hair flick thing.
-Oh. you mean like this?
-Oh. very convincing.
-Great. I'll text you
the details.
-Great.
And then tomorrow's
our last date?
-The romantic date with gifts.
Then we're done.
-Perfect.
-Oh. can you do that hair flick
thing one more time?
-Save it for tomorrow.
-Wait. wait. wait.
What do you mean "spark"?
-When we were dancing.
-You mean like a bzzt spark.
or like a boom.
love at first sight
kind of thing?
-Definitely not a kaboom.
Was more like a flicker.
you know?
It was like a warm tingle.
-Ok. that sounds serious.
-It's actually just nothing
like I expected. you know?
She's more flexible
and self-deprecating.
She's funny.
-Hold on. time out.
Are you talking about
spreadsheet woman?
-Yes. She's got a whole
other side.
A fun side. you know?
I mean. you should have seen
her bowling.
She was great.
She was funny.
She's just fun.
What?
-The look on your face.
like a lovesick puppy.
-Yeah. well she also said
that she's only doing it
so that she can say
that she did it.
You know. it's a PR thing
for her.
-Well that's fair. You're only
doing it to impress Taylor.
-I told her that.
-Really? What did she say?
-She said that she wants
to help me woo Taylor.
-Seriously? How?
-Ok. I need you to bring Taylor
to the theater at Pemberton.
7:30PM.
-Tonight? What for?
-I'm gonna do a video with
Brooke. ok?
Huh.
The university thinks
it's gonna take some air out
of this viral video
and I think it's gonna show
Taylor I'm taking her seriously.
-Ah! I get it.
-Now. but don't tell Taylor
that I'm in the video.
-Surprising her? Ok.
What do you want me to say?
-Anything. Just make sure
she's there at 7:30PM. ok?
-Got it.
-Thank you.
-Hey. Soph. listen.
I need a favor.
-I understand we have
a special guest tonight?
-Yes. I invited Ryan.
-Pure genius. Brooke.
And we'll link tonight's video
with the one that went viral.
-People will see you're taking
the test with him and...
-Crisis averted.
-We'll do our best.
-And I'm sorry you're just
seeing this now. Brooke.
I had to revise it
when I heard about Ryan.
-A script?
Vince. I can't memorize
this in time.
-Oh. no worries.
It'll be on prompters.
-We just want to play it safe.
No more surprises.
-Well. break a leg.
-Oh. sorry. Vince.
-Oh. Carly. Hi.
-So. I'll be in the back.
You are going to crush this.
-Thanks Carly.
-Looks like you two are falling
in love.
-Oh. um. the scores
are surprising
but it's still the average
that counts.
-You remind me of myself
when I was your age.
A rising scientist thinking I
could save the world with data.
When it came to dating.
I had a checklist.
Wanted to meet
the perfect man.
Eventually. I met someone
who checked off all the boxes.
-Did you marry him?
-Yes. and I was miserable.
He had everything
I thought I wanted
but nothing I truly needed.
Affection.
Acceptance. Forgiveness.
And a heck
of a lot of fun.
-Oh. I'm sorry. Rebecca.
I always thought you were
happily married.
-Oh. happily remarried.
Oh. I ditched the checklist.
Followed my heart.
Good luck tonight.
-Kyle. why are we here again?
-I told you. Doctor Carver
invited you
to the recording
of her new video.
-But why me?
-Well. she...
-It's Doctor Carver's way
of apologizing
for how Ryan acted
the other night.
-Exactly.
-I don't even know the woman.
-Well. she knows that you...
-She found you on Ryan's
social media.
-Exactly.
-And as a woman she knows
what it's like to be with a guy
who thinks he knows
absolutely everything.
-Exactly.
-Come on. we're gonna be late.
-Hey there.
-Hey.
-She's here. Taylor.
-Great. I've been practicing.
-Perfect.
-About the script.
I didn't know...
-Yeah. Vince gave it to me.
I thought we'd just wing it.
you know?
Let our natural charm flow.
-They don't want any surprises.
-The surprise is how
lame this is.
Come on. what happened
to our witty repartee?
-He means well.
I know though.
We should go.
Your tracker.
-Thank you.
-So. yes. It's official.
I am doing the test.
And while I've
never participated
in one of my own studies before.
I have to say it's been.
well. interesting.
But what's really been
interesting is
who I'm doing the test with.
You may recognize
my study participant.
Veterinarian from
Jolly Rovers Rescue.
Doctor Ryan Bennett.
-Hello. Doctor Carver.
-Hello Doctor Bennett.
-Yes. it has been interesting
"dating" you.
-Yes. indeed. You were a real
thorn in my side that night.
-And now every night
I'm at your side.
-I wrote that.
-You certainly are.
We just have to survive
one more date. to...
-So. what's been your favorite
date so far?
-Oh. um...
Hm?
-How about the time
when we went bowling?
-Uh...
-Yeah. She's the only person
I know
who can turn bowling
into a contact sport.
-Good one.
-Oh. what about
our dancing date?
Last time I wear
open-toe heels with him.
And don't ever agree to help him
treat a choking dog.
-I told you to stand back.
-He pushed on that dog's
stomach. and whoosh.
this slobbery thing shoots right
past my face and nearly hits me.
-Well. that's a small price
to pay for saving a life.
-Oh. easy for him to say.
He wasn't covered in dog drool.
-Oh. well. We did have our
romantic moments.
-Oh. really?
Where was I?
-Out on the dance
floor when...
I remember seeing stars
in your eyes.
-From you stepping on me.
-They're going off script.
Ad-libbing.
-I know. Isn't it great?
-Ok. well. I admit
that I felt something.
Yeah. I always used to laugh
at my friends
who would tell me about this
feeling. this warm glow they got
when they slowly get to know
somebody. but...
It's true.
It's the best feeling.
It's like this heavy blanket
on a cold morning.
It's warm and safe and you just
don't want to be anywhere else.
Just feels right and easy
and a little scary.
But not as scary
as her bowling.
-Or as painful
as his dancing.
-Mm.
-Brooke...
Now. I'll admit. some of that
was actually quite funny
and at times even touching.
but I thought we agreed
to stick to the script?
-And I admire someone
who takes chances.
-Oh. well. um. well. it was
pretty funny. choking dog.
-I'm sorry. Rebecca.
I just got caught up and...
-No need for apologies.
Good on you for taking a risk.
It's a quality I'll be looking
for in the next psychology dean.
And I know this wasn't part
of the plan.
but you two make a really
great couple.
-Oh. Mm-mm.
-I just...
-Hey.
-Sophie said that you did this
for me?
-I did. Surprised?
-Only that you wanted me
to watch you flirt
with a pretty professor.
-Flirt? No. No. no.
That... that was.
that was an act.
-Could have fooled me.
-I was doing this to.
you know. show you that
I'm taking it seriously.
You know. impress you.
-You want to impress me?
Go back to your private practice
with Kyle.
-Taylor.
-Ryan. I really think
it's about time
that you give up this whole
dog adoption thing.
-This dog adoption thing
is my life's dream.
-Can't it be more.
you know. a hobby?
-Have we always been this far
apart in what we want in life?
-Yeah. You just couldn't see it.
That fireball you felt
when we met.
it took time for the smoke
to clear.
Goodbye. Ryan.
-Hey. was she surprised?
-Uh. yes.
-So. the plan worked?
-Yes. you were.
you were really great.
You were very.
very convincing.
-Well. I mean. you too.
I mean. the look on your face
when you went on
about our moment on the dance
floor was Oscar worthy.
-Yeah.
-What?
-Nothing.
-Well. good night then.
And again. great acting job.
-Thank you. You too.
Oh. you forgot about the...
-Oh! Right.
Well. I'll save it.
In case you guys
break up again.
-Smart.
-Well. good night.
-Good night.
-It's true.
It's. it's the best feeling.
It's like this heavy blanket
on a cold morning.
It's warm and safe and you just
don't want to be anywhere else.
This feels. feels right.
and easy.
-Get it together. Brooke.
Eye on the prize. girl.
You're only doing this
for damage control.
Not to find your...
I can't even convince myself.
-How's that?
You in pain. girl?
-She's been walking fine.
-I think she's good to go.
-Can I put her on
the adoption list?
-Yep. she's ready.
-Oh. you hear that. Molly?
You're gonna have a new home.
-Yeah. Probably sooner
than later.
-I'm gonna miss you. Molly.
-Jen. you mind
closing up tonight?
-Sure. Doctor Bennett.
Going out with Taylor?
-Nope. We broke up. actually.
For good this time.
-I'm sorry.
-Thanks. but she was never
on board
with this whole
dog adoption thing.
-I see. What does
Doctor Carver think?
Brooke?
-Yeah. yeah.
She's on board with it.
It's actually one of the things
we had in common.
Both in our dream jobs.
-I don't mean to pry.
Doctor Bennett.
but seeing you and Doctor
Carver in that new video...
-The one from last night?
That's up?
-Mm-hm. You two
are so cute together.
Maybe things will work out
with her?
-Doubtful. This is our
last date. tonight.
But thank you.
-Mm-hm.
-So. this is it.
Our romantic date.
-Oh. I can tell.
Candlelight. white table cloth.
overpriced wine.
-Hey. all this romance
doesn't come cheap.
-Not for you at all.
-Not true.
I do believe that people
feel something
that they call romance.
-And you call?
-A rush of feel good
neurochemicals
that flood the brain.
producing a wave of euphoria.
-Hm. You know what?
I think I'll just stick with
good old-fashioned romance.
-Suit yourself. Did you bring
the gift?
-You?
-You first.
-As long as you're dancing
nothing can hurt you.
Aw. Just what I wanted.
Dance lessons.
-For the man
who has everything.
-Including two left feet.
-You're not. you know. offended?
-Not at all.
No. thank you.
I'll think about you every time
I step on my partner's toes.
Ok. Your turn.
-Oh. it's very light.
It's definitely not a book.
-No. I saw your office.
You have more books
than a school library.
-Well. it's not jewelry.
-That's far too romantic.
Hate to see you hit by a rogue
wave of neurochemicals.
-Ah. well... I'll...
-Just open it.
-Ok. Ok.
Screech!
-Hope it's ok.
-It's perfect.
It's just like the one I had
when I was growing up.
And just as cuddly.
Thank you.
-You're very welcome.
-Um.
-So. our last date.
-It is.
-Is there a formal way
to end the study?
-You know. say goodbye.
It's been fun. keep in touch.
You know. catch you
on the flip side.
-I don't think anybody says
that anymore.
-I say that.
-Ok.
Hey. what if uh...
-What?
-What if I wanted to have.
I don't know. one more date?
-To show Taylor
that this is something
you're really invested in?
-Uh.
-I'd do another date.
-Me too.
-I mean. we could go on
one of the bonus dates.
-Bonus dates?
-It's in your folder.
Appendix B.
There's an artsy date.
an exercise date.
a new-experiences date.
-Yeah. What's that?
-It's something neither of us
has done before.
-So. one more date.
-One more date.
-You're singing.
-Oh. sorry. was I
interrupting you?
-No. no. It's great.
-Ok.
-You are really happy lately.
Happier than I've seen you
in a very long time.
-Carly. I know where
you're going with this
and it has nothing to do
with Ryan.
-Really?
-Mm-Hm.
-Hmm.
-Wow. You're up to six.
So much for one more date.
-Now the study has more
variables to ascertain.
-Oh. Brooke. Would you listen
to yourself?
Human emotions do not compute.
I am equipped with
a data-driven heart.
Boop-boop. Boop-boop.
-Are you finished?
-Boop.
It's obvious.
You've fallen for him.
-What? No.
-He is your screen saver.
-Agh-agh. no.
We saw an old photo booth
at the bowling alley.
-Huh. Cute stuffed toy.
-We had a gift giving date.
-Flowers?
-I bought those.
-Still. two out of three.
Better than my average lately.
-Your dates?
What. the three-question thing
isn't working out for you?
-Ugh. Train wreck.
Every guy.
-Oh. I'm sorry.
-Like I ask one guy.
name a cheesy song.
He goes "I don't know
any songs about cheese."
Think that's bad?
Two guys said that their
ideal dinner guest
would be Kim Kardashian.
-Oh. gosh.
-Should have just skipped
the third question.
-What's the most beautiful view
you've ever seen.
Wait. don't tell me.
Kim Kardashian.
-So. no poetry and sappy
love songs.
-The last guy scored
negative seven.
-I'm so sorry. Carly.
-Whatever. But you two clearly
have something going on.
Your scores are in the 90's.
-The study's goal is 95.
-But how did he score
where it counts? Here.
-The study doesn't have
a protocol.
-Oh. and the robot is back.
-Oh. ok. You're right.
Ryan is great and funny and
charming and kind of sweet.
-I knew it.
-Who's trying to get back
with his girlfriend.
-By going on more dates
with you?
-To show her he's invested.
-Look. ok. I have seen you
with Logan.
with Landon. with Lucas...
-There was no Lucas!
-And now I've seen you
with Ryan
and I've never seen you
so happy.
I mean. you are singing.
-Ok. but the thing is Carly.
I was happy with Logan
and Landon
and pretty much every guy
I've ever dated
but I can't expose
my heart again
and watch it crumble
into a sad pile of rubble.
-Ok. I'll let it go.
For now.
-Look. we have one more date.
this Saturday night
and then I will thank him
for doing the dating test
and say bye and never
see him again.
-Except on your screen saver.
-Oh. right. I'll delete that.
-Ready for a new experience?
-Ok.
-Are you sure about this?
-Yes. Neither of us
have baked before.
This is gonna be fun.
-Hm. You said the same thing
about bowling.
So. what are we making?
-You like chocolate?
-Of course.
In fact. studies show that nine
out of 10 women like chocolate.
The tenth is lying.
-Oh. buh-dum-ching.
-Ok. so. Chocolate what?
Mousse?
-Oh la la. You do set
the bar high.
-Cake?
-Hm. That requires layers.
Lower.
-Brownies?
-Lower.
-If we go any lower we'll be
licking batter off our fingers.
-Well that does sound weirdly
appealing. but no.
How do triple threat chocolate
fudge cookies sound?
-Threatening.
What's in 'em?
-Dark chocolate chips.
white chocolate chips.
chocolate covered walnuts
with a chocolate drizzle.
-That would actually be
a quadruple threat.
-Wow. only you would count.
-So. where's the recipe?
-No recipe. It's gonna
be an adventure.
-It'll be inedible.
We need a recipe.
-Ok. come on.
Let's cook from here.
-Romantic but not practical.
We need a recipe.
-Brooke. where is your
adventurous spirit?
-Ok then.
Let the fun begin.
-Ok. That's the spirit.
-Ok. Moment of truth?
-Please. Ladies first.
-You're either very chivalrous
or very cowardly.
-Let's try them
at the same time.
-Ok.
-That's not bad.
-Not bad at all. considering
we didn't use a recipe.
-Well. you see?
-Is this your "I told you so"
moment?
-No. this just shows that you
can use this instead of this.
-I'd rather use this.
-I'm just saying that.
you know.
not everything needs to be
measured and quantified.
-Definitely an "I told you so"
moment.
Bottom line. these are great.
-Hmm. Perfect.
-Uh. speaking of which. you
never answered question 11.
Describe a perfect day
you've had.
-Ah. well. lately that would
be every day.
-How so?
-Rather than tell you.
why don't I show you?
-Ah what. now?
-Yeah. Yeah. Right now.
-Ok. Can I bring the cookies?
-Sure.
-Ok.
-As long as you're willing
to share.
-My perfect day
would start here.
-At work?
-Well. it's not work to me.
-Do I get the full tour
this time?
-Sure. Gonna leave
the cookies here though.
-Oh.
-Ok. Let's go.
And over here. these are
all of our dogs.
-I could adopt them all.
-Well. that can be arranged.
-Oh! Here's a cutie! Hello.
-Molly. this is Brooke.
-Hi Molly.
-Oh. she says hi.
-Oh. what a smart dog.
-She says "adopt me."
-Aww. I wish.
But if I ever do...
-Uh-oh.
-Hello!
-Someone's jealous.
-Oh! Hi.
-This is Max. my dog.
-Hello Max!
Oh. you're beautiful too.
-What do you think.
should we take them for a walk?
-That's a yes.
Yes.
-So. how did I score
on the test?
-Thursday night I am giving
a speech to release the study
and I'll reveal the scores.
-Hm. How did I do?
-Oh. you've been replaced.
-Good choice.
-Oh. oh.
-Hey. Molly.
-Come here.
Molly come here.
Well. that works.
Well. admit it.
you're in love.
-Ryan. I...
-With Molly.
I mean. she is definitely
in love with you.
-Oh. and how do you know that?
-Doctor Bennett?
-Well. the way she looks at you.
I mean. checking on you.
-With those eyes.
-She's up for adoption.
just saying.
-I'll keep that in mind.
-So. what about people.
Doctor Carver.
how do you tell
when they're in love?
-Well. you know. the usual.
Just dilated pupils.
racing heart. sweaty palms.
-I should get these guys inside.
Come on. let's go!
Let's go. let's go. let's go.
So. that was my perfect day.
-Thank you for sharing it
with me.
-My pleasure.
So. I was reading Appendix B
and it says that this was our
last bonus date.
-Yes. it is.
Oh. no. Um...
-What?
-Oh no. it's a...
it's a big day tomorrow.
I just. I'm polishing the script
and rehearsing all day.
-I can help you rehearse
if you want.
-Yeah. Thanks. thanks.
But it's... I should go.
-Right.
-Um. It's been great.
It's been really great.
Thank you for everything.
Give Molly a big hug for me.
-Yeah. I will.
-So. I guess this is goodnight.
And goodbye.
-Yeah. Um. oh.
This is your device.
-Thank you. Doctor Bennett.
-Catch you on the flip side.
-I love it. Great job.
-It's a really nice speech.
Brooke.
-This is gonna be a huge boon
to the university.
The visibility we'll get
from this.
-I invited local media
to cover.
-Now. it's important. Brooke.
that you don't reveal
the attraction tracker score
until tomorrow night.
-And. please don't tell anyone
the real reason
you did the test.
-What do we say to people
when they see they didn't
fall in love?
-Well that can actually lend
some credibility to the study.
There simply wasn't
much attraction
between Brooke and Ryan.
-We can't say that.
I mean. look at the scores.
-Well. then maybe there simply
wasn't enough attraction.
-That sound good to you. Brooke?
-Yes. of course.
I mean. if study participants
don't reach 95
then it's time to move on.
-Ok. Tell me.
-Kyle. I. I. I told you.
I signed an 18-page contract
agreeing not to say anything
until the study is released.
-Come on. you don't need a
score to tell you how you feel.
Is Brooke the one?
-Kyle.
-Come on. Is she the one?
Hmm?
-Yes. Yes.
-I knew it! I knew it.
The way you talked about her. it
was never like this with Taylor.
-Don't say anything. ok.
Not even to Sophie.
-Ok. What about Brooke?
How does she feel?
-I'm not sure.
Not that it matters.
-Of course. it matters.
It's kind of how love works.
-Well not when one of us
has vowed
never to fall in love again.
-Brooke. right?
-No. me. Yes. Brooke.
She said she's done with dating.
-Well. that's what Sophie said
and three months later
we were engaged.
-She's just tired of dealing
with heartbreak.
-Maybe this time
she won't have to.
-Yeah. maybe. but...
she likes numbers. you know?
Not feelings.
She wants love plotted out
like data points on a graph.
-You know what I think?
I think you should tell her
how you feel.
-I don't know.
-She may be a scientist.
but she still has feelings.
-So. at this point I'm going
to reveal the score.
So. I'll cross to the stage.
and behind me will be
a graphics showing...
Ryan?
-I was told that I might find
you here.
-Lou. can we take a quick break?
Great. thanks.
Hey. what's up?
-I know you're busy.
I won't be long.
-Oh. it' s ok.
What's wrong?
I've never seen your serious
face before.
-This? Yeah. I know.
I only bring it out for funerals
and breakup speeches.
-Which is this?
-Neither. Although I did
break up with Taylor.
-Oh. I'm sorry. When?
-Uh. like last week.
-Last week?
-Yes. I should have told you.
-We went on all those
bonus dates.
-I know. I know. and I didn't go
on them to impress Taylor.
I went on them to-
because...
Well. I think I'm in love
with you.
-What?
-And. so. I'm here you know.
to see if maybe you feel
the same way.
-Um. What happened
to love at first sight?
-I was wrong.
When we danced.
I felt this flicker
and that flame.
it just seems to grow brighter.
Every time that I see you.
-Um. Ryan. my big speech
is tomorrow and...
-I know.
-I mean. there's a lot
riding on this.
Donations. enrollment.
ranking.
The president wants
to make me Dean.
-I just thought...
-Yes. there was some attraction
as reflected in our scores.
-Scores. Stop it.
Stop with the scores.
Come on. What are.
what are your feelings?
-Feelings. I. I shut those down
a while ago.
-Brooke. I felt something
from you.
-I'm sorry. I. I never should
have let it slip out.
-Slip out. Brooke.
What are you...
-Ryan. I can't do this.
Please just try to understand.
I. I've had my heart broken
so many times.
As if I lost part of it.
somewhere along the line.
I'm sorry.
And after the three
required dates.
we decided to try some
bonus dates.
We visited an art museum.
rode a tandem bike.
I even learned to bake cookies
without using a recipe.
A sweet adventure.
All the while waiting to see
if cupid's arrow would strike.
Ugh. Enough about cupid.
All the while waiting to see
if a spark would ignite
a flame within our hearts.
Nope. sounds like heartburn.
Blah. blah. blah.
And now. for the big reveal.
The question everyone
wants to know.
Did I fall in love.
find the one?
-There you are.
-Oh. My favorite flower.
-Good. 'Cause there's
a long trail of them
leading to your office.
-They must be from Ryan.
-Huh. What a funny. charming.
kind of sweet guy.
Think he still wants to get back
with his girlfriend?
-"Dear Brooke. I want you
to know how much
"I enjoyed my time with you.
"I will truly miss you.
"Your smile. your adventurous
baking.
"Your crazy bowling skills.
"I know you've had your heart
broken one too many times
"but I hope you don't give
up on finding love.
"You have a warm.
beautiful heart
"that deserves to be shared by
some lucky guy.
"Anyway. please accept
this parting gift
"to help make your day
a little more perfect.
"Your devoted study partner.
Ryan."
-You coming?
What's going on?
-Ah. not going.
-Isn't Brooke giving the dating
test results in like 20 minutes?
-Yeah. but it doesn't matter.
The results. they don't
mean anything.
I mean. I tried.
I tried to get through to her
but she just.
she doesn't feel
the same way.
-There she is.
looking every bit the star.
-Thanks Rebecca.
-You look great. Brooke.
-Thanks. Vince.
-Uh. Vince. can you give us
a second please?
-Oh. of course. Yeah.
-Brooke. I don't know if you've
had time to think about
the Dean of Psychology position?
-I have. yes.
-Oh. good.
I mean. I can't
say this publicly.
but you'd be at the top
of my list.
-Thank you. Rebecca.
but I won't be applying.
-What? Why not?
-Being Dean wouldn't leave
enough time for my research.
It's why I became a scientist.
That's where my heart is.
-Oh. I see. Well. I can't say
I'm not disappointed.
But. I respect your decision.
A woman who follows her heart
and I trust you're applying that
in your love life as well.
-It's show time. Oh. and for
tonight. maybe it's best to...
-Stick to the script.
Got it.
-Yeah.
-And you'd think after
the bowling and the dancing
we'd call it quits. but no.
After the three required dates.
we decided to try some
bonus dates.
We visited an art museum.
rode a tandem bike...
I even learned to bake cookies
without using a recipe.
A sweet adventure.
All the while.
waiting for a spark
to ignite a flame
within our hearts.
And. it did.
In mine. at least.
Her name is Molly and she is the
most adorable rescue dog ever.
So now for the big reveal.
-Excuse me. I had a question.
-Uh yes. there'll be time
for questions at the end.
-I was just wondering
if you fell in love.
You know. found the one?
-Yes. Yes. I did.
I did fall in love. but I was
afraid to tell the man
that I fell in love with.
It's the story of my life.
really.
Turns out. there's more
to learn from my research.
Love is infinite. mysterious
and goes much deeper than data.
You see. I had given up
on love.
Afraid my heart would take
another beating.
But. to be in love.
even just for a short time
is worth the heartbreak.
-That's so sweet.
-Cue the romantic music. right?
-A good cheesy love song.
-Cheesier the better.
-Um. random question. but who'd
be your ideal dinner guest?
-Frost. Dickinson.
Nope. Whitman.
I like poetry.
-Two out of three.
And. um. what's the most
beautiful view you've ever seen?
-The one I'm looking at.
-Sorry to interrupt. folks.
But. in case you didn't know.
our new marketing slogan
is Research with Heart.
Which is exactly what Doctor
Carver showed tonight.
Heart.
So. I have decided to postpone
our study's release.
Sounds like some revisions
are in order.
That ok with you?
-Remember Brooke.
follow your heart.
-Thanks for the flowers.
The way to a woman's heart.
-Well. like I said.
just trying to make your day
a little more perfect.
-Well. there is one thing
that could make it more perfect.
-Yes!
That's my boy!